{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red45\green166\blue222;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In this exercise 5 changes were made. This UI was mocked up in January 2015 at codecademy Labs @ Wynwood. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 My comments will be marked with @ ~caffeinated1 says~\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}In the main section, add text for the heading, paragraph, and link. Write CSS to style the link into a button, and to change the background image. Feel free to use your own image. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://s3.amazonaws.com/codecademy-content/projects/move/bg.jpg"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Here's the image}} we used.\
{\listtext	2.	}In the supporting section, change the background color to 
\f1 \cb4 #1c1c1c
\f0 \cb1 . Add a section for Sync and a section for Compete, as shown in redesign.png.\
{\listtext	3.	}In the feature section, change the background image and add text for the heading. Feel free to use your own image. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://s3.amazonaws.com/codecademy-content/projects/move/feature.jpg"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Here's the image}} we used.\
{\listtext	4.	}Under the feature section, add another supporting section with text for the heading, paragraph, and link. Write CSS to style the link into a button.\
{\listtext	5.	}Add a footer section with text for the heading and link. Write CSS to style the link into a button, and to change the background image. Feel free to use your own image. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://s3.amazonaws.com/codecademy-content/projects/move/footer.jpg"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Here's the image}} we used.\
}